install and loads sctp kernel modules needed by AMF (#169)
nephio-project/test-infra: e2e/provision/playbooks/roles/bootstrap/README.md

    A[main.yml] -->|Check Host requirements| B(Checking host has minimum number of CPUS)
    B --> C(Checking host has minimum RAM)
    C --> D(Checking host has minimal kernel version)

>     D -->|Load gtp5g/sctp kernel module| E(Load OS specific variables)

Author: @electrocucaracha DO the lines L110 to L112 need to be replaced by above suggestion?

    M -- true --> N(Configure gtp5g module)
    N --> O(Install gtp5g module)

>     M -- false --> P
>     O -->|Load sctp kernel module| O1(install kernel-modules-extra)
>     O1 --> O2(load the sctp module)
>     O2 --> P(Force all notified handlers to run at this point)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    M -- false --> P1
    O -->|Load sctp kernel module| P1(install kernel-modules-extra)
    P1 --> P2(load the sctp module)
    P2 --> P(Force all notified handlers to run at this point)
```
